#summary About DIYDrone's ArduCam OSD - The Official board.

= Feature list =

*!ArduCam OSD Board Features*
 
!ArduCam OSD board was projected to be a DIY OSD board very hackable with a plus of an integrated USB host on it.
The !ArduCam OSD project gives you all the basic resources to start adding OSD telemetry and PTP remote-control enabled cameras to your project.
That's a start point, however DIYers can create very nice projects with that awesome Arduino based board, such rovers controlled by Bluetooth joystick or even another custom project using mouse, keyboard, touch-panel, etc. All this, sending OSD data directly to a video monitor or video transmitter... and much more!
 

*General Features*
 
 * !opensource and open hardware !OSD board with integrated USB host;
 * both resources are driven by !onboard Atmega328p over !SPI;
 * !Arduino compatible;
 * serial interface is compatible with FTDI cable;
 * voltage input VIN have a swicth to enable/disable external power source from (up to 12V);
 * 3V3 and 5V exposed from integrated voltage regulators;
 * it can be integrated to any project through exposed UART or i2C pins;
 * 2 extra digital pins exposed, both PWM capable;
 * it can drive external peripherals by exposed SPI and the extra digital pins as chip selectors;
 * 6 analog pins exposed to read external sensors (i2c clock and data included);
 
*OSD Features*
 
 * based on specialized OSD chip Max7456;
 * compatible with NTSC or PAL signal; 
 * provides internal, external and automatic vertical sync;
 * LOS, Hsync and ClockOut are exposed;
 * video input and output exposed as pin and solder pads.
 * Open Code:
  * optimized code to write OSD panels pretty fast;
  * character table can be customized and replaced by using a free editor and a special arduino sketch;
  * user have total control to enable/disable specific panels, change its location and everything else.
 
*USB Host Features*
 
 * based on speciaized USB host chip Max3421;
 * compatible with Arduino USB host shield and PTP libraries (from circuitsathome.com);
 * Open Code:
  * current firmware show you how to control PowerShot digital cameras from Canon with PTP remote-control enabled;
  * the PTP library have examples to control Canon EOS cams and even Nikon cams which have the standard PTP remote-control enabled;
  * user could integrate it with other peripherals, such bluetooth joysticks, midi interfaces and so on by using USB host shield libraries.