#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= How to start =

Wire up the board is pretty simple.

*Serial connection:* It have a FTDI compatible pads, so you just need to add male pin headers to use it.

*OSD connection:* You will find two ways to attach video in and out: pin based pads and surface solder pads.

*USB Host connection:* There is a standard USB female bus to just plug your peripheral;

*Power connection:* You can use VIN to attach upto 12V and use the !onboard ON/OFF switch. Alternatively, you can just feed the board from FTDI 5V pin.

After that, all you'll need to do is checkout the trunk from !ArduCam OSD [http://code.google.com/p/arducam-osd/source/checkout source code] and follow the instructions below:

<br />
== About trunk folders ==

*'ArduCamOSD_Beta"*

This is an Arduino project folder which have the code base to adapt/integrate with any project. Until now the OSD part is running on something like a "demo loop" just to allow us to test it and seeing some values changing, simulating as it came from APM

*"Library"* (folder with external necessary libraries)
 * *"USBHOST"*: to drive Max4321;
 * *"PTPCamera"*: the library to control cameras through PTP;
 * *"Time"*: to easily control OSD and USB loop nodes.

*Tools*

 * *"!Max_Char_Write"*

This is another Arduino project folder, used to set the arduino as a bridge to upload the new charset to Max7456.
You will need a good terminal to "send file". I'm using "!TeraTerm Pro". It's free, from [http://hp.vector.co.jp/authors/VA002416/teraterm.html here].

 * *root files in Tools folder*
  * *"TERATERM.INI"* (modified to open more than default 4 serial ports)
  * *"OSD_SA_v3.mcm"* (the !ArduCam OSD charset)
  * *"MAX7456Charwizard.jar"* (used to see/change the charset)

<br />
== Installing it ==
 * Copy USBHOST, PTPCamera and Time folders to Arduino libraries folder;
 * Copy ArduCamOSD_Beta and !Max_Char_Write to your Arduino scketch folder;
 * Upload the sketch "!Max_Char_Write" to !ArduCam OSD board;
 * Install !TeraTerm;
 * Replace the ini in your program files "TTERMPRO" folder;
 * Use !TeraTerm to send file: "OSD_SA_v1.mcm" to !ArduCam board;
 * When it finished sending it, you just need to reset Arduino, It will show the new charset
 * Upload sketch "!ArduCamOSD_Beta"

That's it!