#summary Project Status and Goals.

== Status ==

The code is NOT finished. The hard work continues! ;)

*OSD*

Now we have a windows application to setup and configure the OSD.<br>
Thanks to my friend Michael Oborne from Australia!

There is much more to improve and add, but it work pretty fine.<br>
Current Panels Set includes:

 * Home Distance
 * Home Direction
 * MAVLink !HeartBeats
 * Throttle
 * Speed
 * Altitude
 * Battery voltage
 * GPS lock
 * Number of visible sats
 * Latitude
 * Longitude
 * Pitch angle
 * Row angle
 * Heading angle
 * Compass rule
 * Flight Modes (!ArduCopter and !ArduPlane)

*USB Host and Camera Control*

The camera control part is already working with OSD.<br>
However, deal with !MAVLink  and USB Host at same time demands a lot of SRAM.<br>

We have two options to complete the OSD+USB Host project:
 * Customize a light OSD panel to fit better ATMega328p resources;
 * Create a new board, based on ATMega2560 chip;

You can try the current code. Just do the checkout of the code from [http://code.google.com/p/arducam-osd/source/browse/trunk here].

<br/>

== Basic Goals ==

Current:
  * Mapping: commands from Canon PS (Power Shot cams) *(OK)*;
  * Coding: to adapt essential mapped PS commands to main PTP library; *(OK)*
  * Coding: to wrap necessary camera resources into simple serial calls *(OK)*;
  * Mapping: necessary registers of the chip Max7456 to work as the OSD core *(OK)*;
  * Testing: sketch which read and write the basic Max7456 registers *(OK)*;
  * Design:  create a basic charset to use on UAV projects *(OK)*;
  * Coding: to insert the charset into the Max7456 prototype *(OK)*;
  * Coding: to wrap all the Map7456 code into a useful library *(OK)*;
  * Coding: to implement OSD pannels for telemetry data on screen *(OK)*;
  * Coding: to merge "USB Host" and "OSD" code using the new SPI class; *(OK)*;
  * Coding and Hardware: to use the mini USB host shield *(OK)*;
  * Hardware: to develop an "all-in-one" small board *(OK)*.
  * Coding: to integrate !ArduCam OSD with !ArduPilot Mega via MAVLink; *(OK)*
  * Coding: to create new OSD panels to fit !ArduPilot Mega needs. *(OK)*

Future:
  * Accept newest and smallest Canon PS without PTP from factory:
    * Use CHDK to open one parametrized PTP command to run internal LUA scripts;
  * Accept cams with other brands (when possible to hack their firmware).

<br/>